Q. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

Ans: Since i can compare the changes, i know exactly what has changed in the file and 
can evalute if that particular change is reason for introduction of bug or not.

Q. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

Ans: Having entire history of file would help me know about the timeline of the file and code contained in it.
This would help me see how over the time code got changed and thus better understand the current state of code.

Q. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

Ans: Manual process give me flexibily of commiting changes only when i am confident of my work and want others to have those changes.
Also automatic creation of version would create so many copies of file which i may not be interested it. It would make sense to commit 
when a piece of work is completed in its entirety.

Q. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Ans: It make sense to group files in one commit when the changes done are related.

Q. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Ans: Git log show the history of current directory/file and Git diff will show the differences in the file

Q. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

Ans: Since i can revert my changes to a previous revision, stable revision, if anything goes wrong, thus i am always confident to make changes. 

Q. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Ans. My Code files, my notes, and anything which i see would change over the time and whose change history i would be interested in, like this reflection noted.
